_contents/05-calendar.md, before:

---
id: calendar
name: Calendar
heading: Calendar
subheading: Calendar&#58;
image: ""
---

Suggested readings included help you understand the course material. They are not required, i.e. you are only responsible for the material covered in lecture. Most of the suggested reading listed are more advanced than the corresponding lecture, and are of interest if you want to know where our knowledge comes from or follow current frontiers of research.

|       | Date&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    | Topic                  | Slides  | Suggested Readings 
|-------|----|------------------------|---------|------------------------------------------
| **Lecture&nbsp;1**| Jan 12 | Introduction & Linear Models | [Slides](assets/slides/lec01.pdf)  | Roger Grosse's notes: [Linear Regression](assets/readings/L01a.pdf), [Linear Classifiers](assets/readings/L01b.pdf), [Training a Classifier](assets/readings/L01c.pdf)
| *Tutorial&nbsp;1* | Jan 14  | Multivariable Calculus Review  | [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut01_calc_intro.ipynb)  | iPython notebook: [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut01_calc_intro.ipynb), you may view the notebook via [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut01_calc_intro.ipynb).
| **Lecture&nbsp;2**| Jan 19  | Multilayer Perceptrons & Backpropagation |  [Slides](assets/slides/lec02.pdf)  | Roger Grosse's notes: [Multilayer Perceptrons](assets/readings/L02a.pdf), [Backpropagation](assets/readings/L02b.pdf)
| *Tutorial&nbsp;2* | Jan 21  | Autograd and PyTorch | [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut02_pytorch.ipynb)  | iPython notebook: [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut02_pytorch.ipynb), you may view the notebook via [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut02_pytorch.ipynb).
| **Lecture&nbsp;3**| Jan 26  | Distributed Representations & Optimization | [Slides](assets/slides/lec03.pdf)  | Roger Grosse's notes: [Automatic Differentiation](assets/readings/L03a.pdf), [Distributed Representations](assets/readings/L03b.pdf), [Optimization](assets/readings/L03c.pdf)
| *Tutorial&nbsp;3* | Jan 28  | How to Train Neural Networks  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut03_train.pdf), [code demo](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut03_train.ipynb)  |
| **Lecture&nbsp;4** | Feb 02  | Convolutional Neural Networks and Image Classification  | [Slides](assets/slides/lec04.pdf)  |  Roger Grosse's notes: [ConvNets](assets/readings/L04a.pdf), [Image Classification](assets/readings/L04b.pdf). Related papers: [Yann LeCun’s 1998 LeNet](assets/readings/lecun-98.pdf), [AlexNet](assets/readings/AlexNet.pdf).
| *Tutorial&nbsp;4* | Feb 04  | Convolutional Neural Networks  | [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut04_cnn.ipynb) | iPython notebook: [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut04_cnn.ipynb), you may view the notebook via [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut04_cnn.ipynb) 
| **Lecture&nbsp;5** | Feb 09  | Interpretability  | [Slides](assets/slides/lec05.pdf)  |  Related papers: [Sanity Check for Saliency Maps](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/8160-sanity-checks-for-saliency-maps.pdf), [SmoothGrad](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03825.pdf), [Towards a rigorous science of interpretable machine learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.08608.pdf).
| **Midterm Quiz** | Feb 09  |   |  | 
| *Tutorial&nbsp;5* | Feb 11  | How to Write a Good Course Project Report  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut05_writing.pdf)  | 
| **Reading Week** | Feb 16  |   |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;6** | Feb 23  | Optimization & Generalization  | [Slides](assets/slides/lec06.pdf)  |  Roger Grosse's notes: [Generalization](assets/readings/L06a.pdf), [Exploding Vanishing Gradients](assets/readings/L06b.pdf) Related papers: [Dropout](assets/readings/srivastava14a.pdf), [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) 
| *Tutorial&nbsp;6* | Feb 25  | Best Practices of ConvNet Applications  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut06_cnn_apps.pdf) | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;7** | Mar 02  | Recurrent Neural Networks and Attention | [Slides](assets/slides/lec07.pdf)  |  Roger Grosse's notes: [RNNs](assets/readings/L07a.pdf), [Exploding Vanishing Gradients](assets/readings/L07b.pdf). Related papers: [LSTM](https://www.bioinf.jku.at/publications/older/2604.pdf), [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385), [Neural machine translation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.0473), [Show, attend and tell](https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.03044).
| *Tutorial&nbsp;7* | Mar 04  | Recurrent Neural Networks  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;8** | Mar 09  | Transformers and Autoregressive Models|   |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;8* | Mar 11  | NLP and Transformers  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;9** | Mar 16  | Reversible Models & Generative Adversarial Networks  |  |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;9* | Mar 18  | Information Theory  |   | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;10** | Mar 23  | Generative Models & Reinforcement Learning |  |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;10* | Mar 25  | Generative Adversarial Networks  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;11** | Mar 30  | Q-learning & the Game of Go | |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;11* | Apr 01  | Policy Gradient and Reinforcement Learning  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;12** | Apr 06  | TBD | |

Commit message:

Add tutorial 7 slides and notebook

_contents/05-calendar.md, after:

---
id: calendar
name: Calendar
heading: Calendar
subheading: Calendar&#58;
image: ""
---

Suggested readings included help you understand the course material. They are not required, i.e. you are only responsible for the material covered in lecture. Most of the suggested reading listed are more advanced than the corresponding lecture, and are of interest if you want to know where our knowledge comes from or follow current frontiers of research.

|       | Date&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    | Topic                  | Slides  | Suggested Readings 
|-------|----|------------------------|---------|------------------------------------------
| **Lecture&nbsp;1**| Jan 12 | Introduction & Linear Models | [Slides](assets/slides/lec01.pdf)  | Roger Grosse's notes: [Linear Regression](assets/readings/L01a.pdf), [Linear Classifiers](assets/readings/L01b.pdf), [Training a Classifier](assets/readings/L01c.pdf)
| *Tutorial&nbsp;1* | Jan 14  | Multivariable Calculus Review  | [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut01_calc_intro.ipynb)  | iPython notebook: [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut01_calc_intro.ipynb), you may view the notebook via [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut01_calc_intro.ipynb).
| **Lecture&nbsp;2**| Jan 19  | Multilayer Perceptrons & Backpropagation |  [Slides](assets/slides/lec02.pdf)  | Roger Grosse's notes: [Multilayer Perceptrons](assets/readings/L02a.pdf), [Backpropagation](assets/readings/L02b.pdf)
| *Tutorial&nbsp;2* | Jan 21  | Autograd and PyTorch | [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut02_pytorch.ipynb)  | iPython notebook: [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut02_pytorch.ipynb), you may view the notebook via [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut02_pytorch.ipynb).
| **Lecture&nbsp;3**| Jan 26  | Distributed Representations & Optimization | [Slides](assets/slides/lec03.pdf)  | Roger Grosse's notes: [Automatic Differentiation](assets/readings/L03a.pdf), [Distributed Representations](assets/readings/L03b.pdf), [Optimization](assets/readings/L03c.pdf)
| *Tutorial&nbsp;3* | Jan 28  | How to Train Neural Networks  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut03_train.pdf), [code demo](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut03_train.ipynb)  |
| **Lecture&nbsp;4** | Feb 02  | Convolutional Neural Networks and Image Classification  | [Slides](assets/slides/lec04.pdf)  |  Roger Grosse's notes: [ConvNets](assets/readings/L04a.pdf), [Image Classification](assets/readings/L04b.pdf). Related papers: [Yann LeCun’s 1998 LeNet](assets/readings/lecun-98.pdf), [AlexNet](assets/readings/AlexNet.pdf).
| *Tutorial&nbsp;4* | Feb 04  | Convolutional Neural Networks  | [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut04_cnn.ipynb) | iPython notebook: [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut04_cnn.ipynb), you may view the notebook via [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut04_cnn.ipynb) 
| **Lecture&nbsp;5** | Feb 09  | Interpretability  | [Slides](assets/slides/lec05.pdf)  |  Related papers: [Sanity Check for Saliency Maps](http://papers.nips.cc/paper/8160-sanity-checks-for-saliency-maps.pdf), [SmoothGrad](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03825.pdf), [Towards a rigorous science of interpretable machine learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1702.08608.pdf).
| **Midterm Quiz** | Feb 09  |   |  | 
| *Tutorial&nbsp;5* | Feb 11  | How to Write a Good Course Project Report  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut05_writing.pdf)  | 
| **Reading Week** | Feb 16  |   |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;6** | Feb 23  | Optimization & Generalization  | [Slides](assets/slides/lec06.pdf)  |  Roger Grosse's notes: [Generalization](assets/readings/L06a.pdf), [Exploding Vanishing Gradients](assets/readings/L06b.pdf) Related papers: [Dropout](assets/readings/srivastava14a.pdf), [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) 
| *Tutorial&nbsp;6* | Feb 25  | Best Practices of ConvNet Applications  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut06_cnn_apps.pdf) | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;7** | Mar 02  | Recurrent Neural Networks and Attention | [Slides](assets/slides/lec07.pdf)  |  Roger Grosse's notes: [RNNs](assets/readings/L07a.pdf), [Exploding Vanishing Gradients](assets/readings/L07b.pdf). Related papers: [LSTM](https://www.bioinf.jku.at/publications/older/2604.pdf), [ResNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385), [Neural machine translation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.0473), [Show, attend and tell](https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.03044).
| *Tutorial&nbsp;7* | Mar 04  | Recurrent Neural Networks  | [Slides](assets/tutorials/tut07_rnn_slides.pdf), [ipynb](assets/tutorials/tut07_rnn.ipynb)| You may view the notebook on [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/csc413-uoft/2021/blob/master/assets/tutorials/tut07_rnn.ipynb) | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;8** | Mar 09  | Transformers and Autoregressive Models|   |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;8* | Mar 11  | NLP and Transformers  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;9** | Mar 16  | Reversible Models & Generative Adversarial Networks  |  |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;9* | Mar 18  | Information Theory  |   | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;10** | Mar 23  | Generative Models & Reinforcement Learning |  |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;10* | Mar 25  | Generative Adversarial Networks  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;11** | Mar 30  | Q-learning & the Game of Go | |  
| *Tutorial&nbsp;11* | Apr 01  | Policy Gradient and Reinforcement Learning  |  | 
| **Lecture&nbsp;12** | Apr 06  | TBD | |
